I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why didn’t the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?  I'm a cashew!
Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
How come the stadium got hot after the game? Because all of the fans left.
Why was it called the dark ages? Because of all the knights. 
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?  I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. The second time let me down.
To be Frank, I'd have to change my name.
Slept like a log last night … woke up in the fireplace.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
I thought my wife was joking when she said she'd leave me if I didn't stop signing "I'm A Believer"... Then I saw her face.
What do you call two barracuda fish?  A Pairacuda!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you do on a remote island? Try and find the TV island it belongs to.
Did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were catholic.
Dad I’m hungry’ … ‘Hi hungry I’m dad
I was fired from the keyboard factory yesterday.  I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should get a no bell prize.
Wife: Honey I’m pregnant.	Me: Well…. what do we do now?	Wife: Well, I guess we should go to a baby doctor.	Me: Hm.. I think I’d be a lot more comfortable going to an adult doctor.
Why was Pavlov's beard so soft?  Because he conditioned it.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty
Why did the kid throw the clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly!
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu: You get what you deserve.
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie? Because it was rated arrr!
Man, I really love my furniture... me and my recliner go way back.
What did the traffic light say to the car as it passed? "Don't look I'm changing!"
Why did the man run around his bed? Because he was trying to catch up on his sleep!
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.  That’s just how I roll.
Conjunctivitis.com – now that’s a site for sore eyes.
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? A Brazilian
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Which is the fastest growing city in the world? Dublin'
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off.
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy?	I don't know and I don't care.
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... It was Everlong...
Some people eat light bulbs. They say it's a nice light snack.
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
What do you get hanging from Apple trees? Sore arms.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
I got a reversible jacket for Christmas, I can't wait to see how it turns out.
What did Romans use to cut pizza before the rolling cutter was invented? Lil Caesars
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap..
Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.
Why are oranges the smartest fruit? Because they are made to concentrate. 
What did the beaver say to the tree? It's been nice gnawing you.
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? You use a pumpkin patch.
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? I’ll ketch up
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
I made a belt out of watches once... It was a waist of time.
Why did Mozart kill all his chickens?
Because when he asked them who the best composer was, they'd all say "Bach bach bach!"

This furniture store keeps emailing me, all I wanted was one night stand!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?  Look for fresh prints.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
If at first you don't succeed, sky diving is not for you!
What kind of music do mummy's like? Rap
What's large, grey, and doesn't matter?
An irrelephant.

A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
What did the dog say to the two trees? Bark bark.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff.
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret? Because it's bound to squeal.
Why are mummys scared of vacation? They're afraid to unwind.
Whiteboards ... are remarkable.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? A stega-snore-us.
What’s Forest Gump’s Facebook password? 1forest1
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree!
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ‘No, just leave it in the carton!’
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
Me: If humans lose the ability to hear high frequency volumes as they get older, can my 4 week old son hear a dog whistle?	Doctor: No, humans can never hear that high of a frequency no matter what age they are.	Me: Trick question... dogs can't whistle.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... I totally nailed it!
What was the pumpkin’s favorite sport?	Squash.
Recent survey revealed 6 out of 7 dwarf's aren't happy.
What do you call corn that joins the army? Kernel.
I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum . . . but I just can't seem to get it going.
‘Put the cat out’ … ‘I didn’t realize it was on fire
Is there a hole in your shoe? No… Then how’d you get your foot in it?
Every night at 11:11, I make a wish that someone will come fix my broken clock.
Two muffins were sitting in an oven, and the first looks over to the second, and says, “man, it’s really hot in here”. The second looks over at the first with a surprised look, and answers, “WHOA, a talking muffin!”
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can tune a guitar but you can't "tuna" fish!
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads “Small medium at large.”
Why don't sharks eat clowns?  Because they taste funny.
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.
Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible.
What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement.
They tried to make a diamond shaped like a duck. It quacked under the pressure.
Where’s the bin? Dad: I haven’t been anywhere!
Why do bears have hairy coats? Fur protection.
What do you get when you cross a bee and a sheep? A bah-humbug.

What did one snowman say to the other snow man? Do you smell carrot?
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
What do you call a troublesome Canadian high schooler? A poutine.
A magician was driving down the street and then he turned into a driveway.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything.
If you walk into a forest and cut down a tree, but the tree doesn't understand why you cut it down, do you think it's stumped?
Where do bees go to the bathroom?  The BP station.
What is the best way to carve?
Whittle by whittle.
Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal.
It was raining cats and dogs the other day. I almost stepped in a poodle.
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger, then it hit me.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
I couldn't figure out how the seat belt worked. Then it just clicked.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape?
BREATH!!
What do you call a dad that has fallen through the ice? A Popsicle.
Two parrots are sitting on a perch. One turns to the other and asks, "do you smell fish?"
Bad at golf? Join the club.
What do you call a pile of cats?  A Meowtain.
How do hens stay fit? They always egg-cercise!
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemonaid.
What do you call an old snowman? Water.
I just got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have nobody to go with.
What does a female snake use for support? A co-Bra!
"Dad, I'm cold."
"Go stand in the corner, I hear it's 90 degrees."
Child: Dad, make me a sandwich. Dad: Poof! You're a sandwich.
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin.
What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
What do you call a careful wolf? Aware wolf.
I was just looking at my ceiling. Not sure if it’s the best ceiling in the world, but it’s definitely up there.
Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
“My Dog has no nose.” “How does he smell?” “Awful”
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Why did the half blind man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
It’s hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs, because they take everything literally.
It's difficult to say what my wife does, she sells sea shells by the sea shore.
Why did Dracula lie in the wrong coffin? He made a grave mistake.
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me!
what do you call a dog that can do magic tricks? a labracadabrador
Doctor: Do you want to hear the good news or the bad news?
Patient: Good news please.
Doctor: we're naming a disease after you.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
I tried to write a chemistry joke, but could never get a reaction.
What do you call a monkey in a mine field? A babooooom!

I cut my finger cutting cheese. I know it may be a cheesy story but I feel grate now.
How do you steal a coat? You jacket.
Why don't you find hippopotamuses hiding in trees?
They're really good at it.
I’m reading a book on the history of glue – can’t put it down.
Want to hear a joke about construction? Nah, I'm still working on it.
Just watched a documentary about beavers… It was the best damn program I’ve ever seen.
Why do choirs keep buckets handy? So they can carry their tune
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's ok, he woke up.
You will never guess what Elsa did to the balloon. She let it go.
Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
You can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because it's past tents.
They're making a movie about clocks. It's about time
I’ve just been reading a book about anti-gravity, it’s impossible to put down!
Archaeology really is a career in ruins.
I was going to get a brain transplant, but I changed my mind
Why can't you use "Beef stew" as a password? Because it's not stroganoff.
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out, man.
Some people say that I never got over my obsession with Phil Collins.
But take a look at me now.
Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, ‘First offender?’ She says, ‘No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!’
I saw an ad in a shop window, "Television for sale, $1, volume stuck on full", I thought, "I can't turn that down".
What kind of dog lives in a particle accelerator? A Fermilabrador Retriever.
What's blue and not very heavy?  Light blue.
I was so proud when I finished the puzzle in six months, when on the side it said three to four years.
Where did you learn to make ice cream? Sunday school.
A quick shoutout to all of the sidewalks out there... Thanks for keeping me off the streets.
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
Leather is great for sneaking around because it's made of hide.
People are making apocalypse jokes like there’s no tomorrow.
What is the tallest building in the world? The library – it’s got the most stories!
What kind of magic do cows believe in? MOODOO.
What’s the longest word in the dictionary? Smiles. Because there’s a mile between the two S’s.
I just broke my guitar. It's okay, I won't fret
It's only a murder of crows if there's probable caws.
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb? Let's go ride bikes!
Where do hamburgers go to dance? The meat-ball.
Did you know that ghosts call their true love their ghoul-friend?
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What did the big flower say to the littler flower? Hi, bud!
 I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker. But when I got home, all the signs were there.	
Why do pumpkins sit on people’s porches?	They have no hands to knock on the door.
Who is the coolest Doctor in the hospital? The hip Doctor!
Why was ten scared of seven? Because seven ate nine.
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose? Hare spray.
I applied to be a doorman but didn't get the job due to lack of experience. That surprised me, I thought it was an entry level position.
I knew a guy who collected candy canes, they were all in mint condition
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
"I'll call you later." Don't call me later, call me Dad.
Why did the teddy bear say “no” to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested – charged with battery.
How many bones are in the human hand? A handful of them.
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.
I've just written a song about a tortilla. Well, it is more of a rap really.
Can February march? No, but April may.
So a duck walks into a pharmacy and says “Give me some chap-stick… and put it on my bill”
Egyptians claimed to invent the guitar, but they were such lyres.﻿
Toasters were the first form of pop-up notifications.
What is a witch's favorite subject in school? Spelling!
What do you call a crowd of chess players bragging about their wins in a hotel lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
Which side of the chicken has more feathers? The outside.
Remember, the best angle to approach a problem from is the "try" angle.
Why are fish easy to weigh? Because they have their own scales.
What did the scarf say to the hat? You go on ahead, I am going to hang around a bit longer.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague.
This morning I was wondering where the sun was, but then it dawned on me.
Writing with a broken pencil is pointless.
Why is it so windy inside an arena? All those fans.
A panda walks into a bar and says to the bartender “I’ll have a Scotch and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Coke thank you”. 	“Sure thing” the bartender replies and asks “but what’s with the big pause?” 	The panda holds up his hands and says “I was born with them”
“Doctor, I’ve broken my arm in several places” Doctor “Well don’t go to those places.”
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?	At the bottom! 
What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5000 miles.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted
Don’t interrupt someone working intently on a puzzle. Chances are, you’ll hear some crosswords.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
What did the Zen Buddist say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything.
What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? Look, no hands!
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get for you?"
"Pop," goes the weasel.
How was the snow globe feeling after the storm? A little shaken.
Did you hear the one about the guy with the broken hearing aid? Neither did he.
What did the Red light say to the Green light? Don't look at me I'm changing!
What did the ocean say to the beach? Thanks for all the sediment.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells!
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Why did the melons plan a big wedding? Because they cantaloupe!
What is the least spoken language in the world?
Sign Language
What do birds give out on Halloween? Tweets.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not sure.
Velcro… What a rip-off.
Have you heard the rumor going around about butter? Never mind, I shouldn't spread it.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad.
I fear for the calendar, it’s days are numbered.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
What do you get when you cross a chicken with a skunk? A fowl smell!
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh, it's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
Where do sheep go to get their hair cut? The baa-baa shop.
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
What did the hat say to the scarf?
You can hang around. I'll just go on ahead.

Where do cats write notes?
Scratch Paper!
Why is the new Kindle screen textured to look like paper? So you feel write at home.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
What’s the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Why did the cookie cry? It was feeling crumby.
Where do you learn to make banana splits? At sundae school.
Nurse: Doctor, there's a patient that says he's invisible. Doctor: Well, tell him I can't see him right now!
What was a more important invention than the first telephone? The second one.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
What do you do when your bunny gets wet? You get your hare dryer.
Did you know crocodiles could grow up to 15 feet? But most just have 4.
Why did the fireman wear red, white, and blue suspenders? To hold his pants up.
In the news a courtroom artist was arrested today, I'm not surprised, he always seemed sketchy.
What do you call someone with no nose? Nobody knows.
What do you call a girl between two posts? Annette.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own? It's two-tired.
What does a pirate pay for his corn? A buccaneer!
Astronomers got tired watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours. They decided to call it a day.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad I had to take his bike away.
I ate a clock yesterday. It was so time consuming.
Two dyslexics walk into a bra.
Milk is also the fastest liquid on earth – its pasteurized before you even see it
Is the pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water? Because if they fell forwards they’d still be in the boat.
My wife told me to rub the herbs on the meat for better flavor. That's sage advice.
A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts. 
Ben & Jerry's really need to improve their operation. The only way to get there is down a rocky road.
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night!
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie.
How does a penguin build it’s house? Igloos it together.
What is this movie about? It is about 2 hours long.
Why are pirates called pirates? Because they arrr!
Where does Fonzie like to go for lunch? Chick-Fil-Eyyyyyyyy.
How does a dyslexic poet write? Inverse.
Don't tell secrets in corn fields. Too many ears around.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye Matey!
Why did the A go to the bathroom and come out as an E? Because he had a vowel movement.
Yesterday a clown held a door open for me. I thought it was a nice jester.
Why did the opera singer go sailing? They wanted to hit the high Cs.
Never Trust Someone With Graph Paper...	They're always plotting something.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant.
What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A cat-tastrophe.
What is bread's favorite number?  Leaven.
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
How do you know if there’s an elephant under your bed? Your head hits the ceiling!
Why does Norway have barcodes on their battleships? So when they get back to port, they can Scandinavian.
What's the worst part about being a cross-eyed teacher?	They can't control their pupils.
What do you call a fashionable lawn statue with an excellent sense of rhythmn? A metro-gnome
Someone broke into my house last night and stole my limbo trophy. How low can you go?
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
Mountains aren't just funny, they are hill areas
I was going to learn how to juggle, but I didn't have the balls.
I wear a stethoscope so that in a medical emergency I can teach people a valuable lesson about assumptions.
Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them!
Every machine in the coin factory broke down all of a sudden without explanation. It just doesn’t make any cents.
Why does it take longer to get from 1st to 2nd base, than it does to get from 2nd to 3rd base? Because there’s a Shortstop in between!
What do you do when you see a space man?
Park your car, man.
If you want a job in the moisturizer industry, the best advice I can give is to apply daily.
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
I was in an 80's band called the prevention. We were better than the cure.
What did Michael Jackson name his denim store?    Billy Jeans!
People saying 'boo! to their friends has risen by 85% in the last year.... That's a frightening statistic.
Geology rocks, but Geography is where it's at!
I was at the library and asked if they have any books on "paranoia", the librarian replied, "yes, they are right behind you"
Have you heard of the band 1023MB? They haven't got a gig yet.
What happens when you anger a brain surgeon? They will give you a piece of your mind.
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
R.I.P. boiled water. You will be mist.
Q: What did the spaghetti say to the other spaghetti?
A: Pasta la vista, baby!
The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, "This changes everything"
Why is the ocean always blue? Because the shore never waves back.
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold hard cash!
I decided to sell my Hoover… well it was just collecting dust.
Why do ducks make great detectives? They always quack the case.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back four seconds!
What do I look like? A JOKE MACHINE!?
I bought shoes from a drug dealer once. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day.
What is a tornado's favorite game to play? Twister!
You know that cemetery up the road? People are dying to get in there.
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer? He had loco motives
Can I watch the TV? Dad: Yes, but don’t turn it on.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Grrrrrainnnnnssss.
"I'm sorry." "Hi sorry, I'm dad"
What is the hardest part about sky diving? The ground.
Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.
Who did the wizard marry? His ghoul-friend
How many seconds are in a year?
12.
January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd, April 2nd.... etc
Ever wondered why bees hum? It's because they don't know the words.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb? 1 or 2? 1... or 2?
There's not really any training for garbagemen. They just pick things up as they go.
Did you hear about the cow who jumped over the barbed wire fence? It was udder destruction.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
I’ve deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone. Now it’s Hans free.
A doll was recently found dead in a rice paddy. It's the only known instance of a nick nack paddy wack.
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? You will see one later and one in a while.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
The word queue is ironic. It's just q with a bunch of silent letters waiting in line.
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour.
What's the best thing about elevator jokes? They work on so many levels.
Where do rabbits go after they get married? On a bunny-moon.
Two fish are in a tank, one turns to the other and says, "how do you drive this thing?"
I finally bought the limited edition Thesaurus that I've always wanted. When I opened it, all the pages were blank.
I have no words to describe how angry I am.
This is my step ladder. I never knew my real ladder.
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
A man walks into a bar and orders helicopter flavor chips. The barman replies “sorry mate we only do plain”
I got an A on my origami assignment when I turned my paper into my teacher
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
My New Years resolution is to stop leaving things so late.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Americans can't switch from pounds to kilograms overnight. That would cause mass confusion.
An apple a day keeps the bullies away. If you throw it hard enough.
Why does Superman get invited to dinners? Because he is a Supperhero.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? Because he's a pain in the neck.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
What is the leading cause of dry skin? Towels
A man walked in to a bar with some asphalt on his arm. He said “Two beers please, one for me and one for the road.”
I’ll tell you something about German sausages, they’re the wurst
I got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
I got fired from the transmission factor, turns out I didn't put on enough shifts...
Where do young cows eat lunch? In the calf-ateria.
I went to the doctor today and he told me I had type A blood but it was a type O.
How does a French skeleton say hello? Bone-jour.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
What’s E.T. short for? He’s only got little legs.
What kind of award did the dentist receive? A little plaque.
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A Carrot.
A Sandwich walks into a bar, the bartender says “Sorry, we don’t serve food here”
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks.
Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but I’m sure I’ve never met herbivore.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
A man is washing the car with his son. The son asks...... "Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?"
They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian – they’re not laughing now.
What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalapeño face.
Don't buy flowers at a monastery. Because only you can prevent florist friars.
Hostess: Do you have a preference of where you sit?
Dad: Down.
Did you hear about the submarine industry? It really took a dive...
How do you get a baby alien to sleep?  You rocket.
Why do pirates not know the alphabet? They always get stuck at "C".
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? They had a reptile dysfunction.
Why did the house go to the doctor? It was having window panes.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.
A Skeleton walked into a bar he said I need a beer and a mop
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What’s brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they’re shellfish.
What do you call a pig with three eyes? Piiig
How do you make a hankie dance? Put a little boogie in it.
Sgt.: Commissar! Commissar! The troops are revolting! Commissar: Well, you’re pretty repulsive yourself.
The other day I was listening to a song about superglue, it’s been stuck in my head ever since.
If you’re struggling to think of what to get someone for Christmas. Get them a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
The great thing about stationery shops is they're always in the same place...
What do you call cheese by itself? Provolone.
How do you fix a broken pizza? With tomato paste.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A Brick.
I heard there was a new store called Moderation. They have everything there
A beekeeper was indicted after he confessed to years of stealing at work. They charged him with emBEEzlement
I used to work for a soft drink can crusher. It was soda pressing.
Why did the chicken get a penalty? For fowl play.
When Dad drops a pea off of his plate ‘oh dear I’ve pee’d on the table!
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don’t think it’s feline well.
Why did the burglar hang his mugshot on the wall? To prove that he was framed!
I dreamed about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea.
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!
Doctor you've got you help me, I'm addicted to twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
I broke my finger at work today, on the other hand I'm completely fine.
I went to a book store and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was, she said if she told me it would defeat the purpose.
How does a scientist freshen their breath? With experi-mints!
What has ears but cannot hear? A field of corn.
People who don't eat gluten are really going against the grain.
Sore throats are a pain in the neck!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents.
What's the difference between a seal and a sea lion?
An ion! 
What did the Dorito farmer say to the other Dorito farmer? Cool Ranch!
A ghost walks into a bar and asks for a glass of vodka but the bar tender says, “sorry we don’t serve spirits”
You know what they say about cliffhangers...
Why do wizards clean their teeth three times a day? To prevent bat breath!
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
A termite walks into a bar and asks “Is the bar tender here?”
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Why did the worker get fired from the orange juice factory? Lack of concentration.
I couldn't get a reservation at the library. They were completely booked.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? I don't think they'll fit me.
How do you get two whales in a car? Start in England and drive West.
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe? Roberto
I tried taking some high resolution photos of local farmland, but they all turned out a bit grainy.
What did the ocean say to the shore? Nothing, it just waved.
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.
I gave all my dead batteries away today, free of charge.
Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They’re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
Why didn't the number 4 get into the nightclub? Because he is 2 square.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
Did you hear that David lost his ID in prague? Now we just have to call him Dav.
My wife is on a tropical fruit diet, the house is full of stuff. It is enough to make a mango crazy.
Why do mathematicians hate the U.S.? Because it's indivisible.
I knew i shouldn’t have ate that seafood. Because now i’m feeling a little… Eel
Past, present, and future walked into a bar.... It was tense.
Did you hear about the bread factory burning down? They say the business is toast.
My boss told me that he was going to fire the person with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
What's black and white and read all over? The newspaper.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
Without geometry life is pointless.
“Hold on, I have something in my shoe”  “I’m pretty sure it’s a foot”
Have you heard about the film "Constipation", you probably haven't because it's not out yet.
I hate perforated lines, they're tearable.
Why did the barber win the race? He took a short cut.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
What did the judge say to the dentist? Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth?
"What time is it?" I don't know... it keeps changing.
You can't trust a ladder. It will always let you down
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday...the rest are weekdays.
My friend said to me: "What rhymes with orange" I said: "no it doesn't"
I had a rough day, and then somebody went and ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary. It just goes from bad to worse.
I adopted my dog from a blacksmith. As soon as we got home he made a bolt for the door.
Where does batman go to the bathroom? The batroom.
Some people say that comedians who tell one too many light bulb jokes soon burn out, but they don't know watt they are talking about. They're not that bright.
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
What do you call a cow on a trampoline? A milk shake!
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? Shakespeare.
What do you call an eagle who can play the piano? Talonted!
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick.
What do you call a duck that gets all A's? A wise quacker.
There’s a new type of broom out, it’s sweeping the nation.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bay-gulls!
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
When do doctors get angry? When they run out of patients.
A man tried to sell me a coffin today. I told him that's the last thing I need.
It doesn't matter how much you push the envelope. It will still be stationary.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That she was a little boulder.
Why did the belt go to prison? He held up a pair of pants!
Wife told me to take the spider out instead of killing it... We had some drinks, cool guy, wants to be a web developer.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
What is a vampire's favorite fruit? A blood orange.
A cannibal is someone who is fed up with people.
Why did the cookie cry?
Because his mother was a wafer so long
Want to hear my pizza joke? Never mind, it's too cheesy.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
Why was the picture sent to prison? It was framed.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted.
Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject.
Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
How can you tell a vampire has a cold? They start coffin.
At the boxing match, the dad got into the popcorn line and the line for hot dogs, but he wanted to stay out of the punchline.
"Hey, dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut."
Why is there always a gate around cemeteries? Because people are always dying to get in.
I asked a frenchman if he played video games. He said "Wii"
So, I heard this pun about cows, but it’s kinda offensive so I won’t say it. I don’t want there to be any beef between us. 
What kind of music do planets listen to? Nep-tunes.
Shout out to my grandma, that's the only way she can hear.
Why was the broom late for the meeting? He overswept.
I went on a date last night with a girl from the zoo. It was great. She’s a keeper.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time, which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. 
He also ate very little, which made him rather frail and with his odd diet, he suffered from bad breath. 
This made him a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An in-vest-igator!
What did celery say when he broke up with his girlfriend? She wasn't right for me, so I really don't carrot all.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me. It means a lot.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What biscuit does a short person like? Shortbread. 
The invention of the wheel was what got things rolling
Why was Santa's little helper feeling depressed? Because he has low elf esteem.

Q: What’s 50 Cent’s name in Zimbabwe? A: 200 Dollars.

Why did Sweden start painting barcodes on the sides of their battleships? So they could Scandinavian.
Want to hear a chimney joke? Got stacks of em! First one's on the house
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop!
If two vegans are having an argument, is it still considered beef?
My sea sickness comes in waves.
For Valentine's day, I decided to get my wife some beads for an abacus.  It's the little things that count.
What's the worst thing about ancient history class? The teachers tend to Babylon.
My new thesaurus is terrible. In fact, it's so bad, I'd say it's terrible.
What type of music do balloons hate? Pop music!
Do you want a brief explanation of what an acorn is? In a nutshell, it's an oak tree.
How come a man driving a train got struck by lightning? He was a good conductor.
Camping is intense.
Dad died because he couldn't remember his blood type. I will never forget his last words. Be positive.
I’m on a whiskey diet. I’ve lost three days already.
Why didn’t the orange win the race? It ran out of juice.
Did you hear about the runner who was criticized? He just took it in stride
What animal is always at a game of cricket? A bat.
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse!
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
I am terrified of elevators. I’m going to start taking steps to avoid them.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs!
Did you know you should always take an extra pair of pants golfing? Just in case you get a hole in one.
I wish I could clean mirrors for a living. It's just something I can see myself doing.
How do the trees get on the internet? They log on.
To the guy who invented zero... thanks for nothing.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
What is red and smells like blue paint?
Red paint!
*Reversing the car* "Ah, this takes me back"
Doctor you've got to help me, I'm addicted to Twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
How do locomotives know where they're going? Lots of training
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
A butcher accidentally backed into his meat grinder and got a little behind in his work that day.
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? The food is great, but there’s just no atmosphere.
What kind of pants do ghosts wear? Boo jeans.
Two guys walked into a bar, the third one ducked.
I really want to buy one of those supermarket checkout dividers, but the cashier keeps putting it back.
A horse walks into a bar. The bar tender says "Hey." The horse says "Sure."
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
"Dad, I'm hungry." Hello, Hungry. I'm Dad.
I'm practicing for a bug-eating contest and I've got butterflies in my stomach.
I have the heart of a lion... and a lifetime ban from the San Diego Zoo.
What do you call a guy lying on your doorstep? Matt.
I met this girl on a dating site and, I don't know, we just clicked.
What did the calculator say to the student? You can count on me.
What do you call a gorilla wearing headphones? Anything you'd like, it can't hear you.
Have you heard about corduroy pillows?  They're making headlines!
Whiteboards are remarkable.
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner, all it was doing was gathering dust.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself "This changes everything."
I haven't slept for three days, because that would be too long.
People used to laugh at me when I would say "I want to be a comedian", well nobody's laughing now.
I, for one, like Roman numerals.
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves.
I never forget a face, but in your case I’d be glad to make an exception.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Instead of "the John," I call my toilet "the Jim." That way it sounds better when I say I go to the Jim first thing every morning.
How do you count cows? With a cowculator.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
What did the blanket say when it fell of the bed? "Oh sheet!"
Why does Humpty Dumpty love autumn? Because Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger, and then it hit me.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
If you ever get cold, just stand in the corner of a room for a while. They're normally around 90 degrees.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips!
What starts with E, ends with E, and has only 1 letter in it? Envelope.
What is Mozart doing right now? Decomposing.
How do trees access the internet? They log in.
What is the tallest building in the entire world? The library, because it has so many stories.
What nails do carpenters hate to hit? Fingernails.
What's the difference between a cat and a complex sentence? A cat has claws at the end of its paws and a complex sentence has a pause at the end of its clause.
How come oysters never donate to charity? Because they are shellfish.
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
Why can't you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
Why did the scarecrow get promoted? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Helium walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve noble gases here." Helium doesn't react.
How do fish get high? Seaweed.
What did Obi-Wan say to Luke at the breakfast table? "Use the fork, Luke."
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims!
Two fish are in a tank. One turns to the other and says, "Hey, do you know how to drive this thing?"
Why did the tomato turn red? Because he saw the salad dressing!
Can February march? No, but April may.
What type of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad!
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
What do I look like? A JOKE MACHINE!?
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
Why did the cookie cry? It was feeling crumby.
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
A drum and a symbol fall off a cliff.
Sorry, I'm a humorless, cold hearted, machine.
Two fish swim down a river, and hit a wall. One says: 'Dam!'
What do you call a chicken crossing the road? Poultry in moton.
What do you call a fake noodle?  An impasta
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octupus? Ten-tickles!
What do you call a breezy eagle's nest? An airy aerie.
When is a stuff we breathe like a 1/100th of a hectare? When it is an are.
When is a 1/100th of a hectare like a stuff we breathe? When it is an air.
When is an insect like a parent's sister? When it is an aunt.
When is a parent's sister like an insect? When it is an ant.
When is a portion of a circle like a vessel? When it is an ark.
When is a vessel like a portion of a circle? When it is an arc.
When is a the climb like a to agree? When it is an assent.
When is a to agree like a the climb? When it is an ascent.
When is an external part of the ear like a seer? When it is an oracle.
When is a seer like an external part of the ear? When it is an auricle.
When is a bucket handle like a bundle of hay? When it is a bale.
When is a bundle of hay like a bucket handle? When it is a bail.
When is a person to whom goods are committed for custody or repair like a the outer wall of a castle? When it is a bailey.
When is a the outer wall of a castle like a person to whom goods are committed for custody or repair? When it is a bailee.
When is a green felt like an one or more enclosed arms of the ocean? When it is a bays.
When is an one or more enclosed arms of the ocean like a green felt? When it is a baize.
What do you call an unable to bear children minor royalty? A barren baron.
What do you call a man's name small fruit? A Barry berry.
What do you call a forming the base an herb? A basal basil.
When is a the bottom support for anything like a the lowest musical pitch or range? When it is a bass.
When is a the lowest musical pitch or range like a the bottom support for anything? When it is a base.
When is a what baseball players like to steal like a principal constituent of anything? When it is a basis.
When is a principal constituent of anything like a what baseball players like to steal? When it is a bases.
When is a blind, flying rodent like a flat pad? When it is a batt.
When is a flat pad like a blind, flying rodent? When it is a bat.
When is a bits per second like a brothel manager? When it is a bawd.
When is a brothel manager like a bits per second? When it is a baud.
When is an enclosed arm of the ocean like a Turkish official? When it is a bey.
When is a Turkish official like an enclosed arm of the ocean? When it is a bay.
When is a where i want to be like a type of tree? When it is a beech.
When is a type of tree like a where i want to be? When it is a beach.
When is a male friend like a curve or bend; double-slipped reef knot? When it is a bow.
When is a curve or bend; double-slipped reef knot like a male friend? When it is a beau.
When is a slang for beauty, beautiful like a steep sided hill? When it is a butte.
When is a steep sided hill like a slang for beauty, beautiful? When it is a beaut.
When is an universally brewed comfort food like a temporary frame for a coffin? When it is a bier.
When is a temporary frame for a coffin like an universally brewed comfort food? When it is a beer.
When is an indian thorn tree like a Babylonian god? When it is a Bel.
When is a Babylonian god like an indian thorn tree? When it is a bel.
When is an anchorage like a your method of arrival? When it is a birth.
When is a your method of arrival like an anchorage? When it is a berth.
What do you call a superior one who bets? A better bettor.
When is a past tense of bite like a large cleat for tying up ships? When it is a bitt.
When is a large cleat for tying up ships like a past tense of bite? When it is a bit.
When is an alliance like a square object? When it is a block.
When is a square object like an alliance? When it is a bloc.
When is a wild pig like a South African of Dutch descent? When it is a Boer.
When is a South African of Dutch descent like a wild pig? When it is a boar.
What do you call a not interested a plank? A bored board.
When is a lodger who gets meals, too like a perimeter? When it is a border.
When is a perimeter like a lodger who gets meals, too? When it is a boarder.
What do you call a more courageous large rock? A bolder boulder.
When is a trunk like a round seed pod? When it is a boll.
When is a round seed pod like a trunk? When it is a bole.
When is a disparaging sounds from fans like a whiskey? When it is a booze.
When is a whiskey like a disparaging sounds from fans? When it is a boos.
When is a township like a dig into the ground? When it is a burrow.
When is a dig into the ground like a township? When it is a borough.
When is a tree branch like a front of a ship; respectful bend? When it is a bow.
When is a front of a ship; respectful bend like a tree branch? When it is a bough.
What do you call a well-groomed brassiere? A braw bra.
When is a to break through like a the back part? When it is a breech.
When is a the back part like a to break through? When it is a breach.
What do you call a past tense of breed a loaf? A bred bread.
What do you call a pertaining to brides horse's headgear? A bridal bridle.
When is a meat sandwich like a merchant? When it is a burgher.
When is a merchant like a meat sandwich? When it is a burger.
When is a large multi-passenger vehicle like a kiss? When it is a buss.
When is a kiss like a large multi-passenger vehicle? When it is a bus.
When is an one who purchases like a cow barn? When it is a byre.
When is a cow barn like an one who purchases? When it is a buyer.
When is a hidden storage like a legal tender? When it is a cash.
When is a legal tender like a hidden storage? When it is a cache.
When is a chart of days like a paper press? When it is a calender.
When is a paper press like a chart of days? When it is a calendar.
When is an one who calls like a my cat has collar ID? When it is a collar.
When is a my cat has collar ID like an one who calls? When it is a caller.
When is a big gun like a body of law? When it is a canon.
When is a body of law like a big gun? When it is a cannon.
When is a moderate gallop like a singer? When it is a cantor.
When is a singer like a moderate gallop? When it is a canter.
When is an unit of weight for precious stones, equal to 200 milligrams like a proofreader's insertion mark? When it is a caret.
When is a proofreader's insertion mark like an unit of weight for precious stones, equal to 200 milligrams? When it is a carat.
When is a Christmas song like a study enclosure? When it is a carrel.
When is a study enclosure like a Christmas song? When it is a carol.
When is a bone of the carpus like a pistil? When it is a carpel.
When is a pistil like a bone of the carpus? When it is a carpal.
When is an one who throws like a beaver's smelly gland? When it is a castor.
When is a beaver's smelly gland like an one who throws? When it is a caster.
When is a generative force like a sounds of crows? When it is a caws.
When is a sounds of crows like a generative force? When it is a cause.
When is a low island like an opens locks? When it is a key.
When is an opens locks like a low island? When it is a cay.
When is an evergreen tree like an one who broadcasts seeds? When it is a seeder.
When is an one who broadcasts seeds like an evergreen tree? When it is a cedar.
When is an under a house like an one who sells? When it is a seller.
When is an one who sells like an under a house? When it is a cellar.
When is an incense dish like a bad people who fear knowledge? When it is a censor.
When is a bad people who fear knowledge like an incense dish? When it is a censer.
When is a numbering like a faculties? When it is a senses.
When is a faculties like a numbering? When it is a census.
When is an one hundredth of a dollar like an aroma? When it is a scent.
When is an aroma like an one hundredth of a dollar? When it is a cent.
When is a hundredths of a dollar like a many things to smell? When it is a scents.
When is a many things to smell like a hundredths of a dollar? When it is a cents.
What do you call a numbers in sequence grains? A serial cereal.
When is a giving up like a group sitting? When it is a session.
When is a group sitting like a giving up? When it is a cession.
When is a calcareous earthy substance like a wedge to keep wheels from rolling? When it is a chock.
When is a wedge to keep wheels from rolling like a calcareous earthy substance? When it is a chalk.
When is a happenstance like a more than one litany? When it is a chants.
When is a more than one litany like a happenstance? When it is a chance.
When is a church singers like a the twentieth part of a ream of paper? When it is a quire.
When is a the twentieth part of a ream of paper like a church singers? When it is a choir.
When is a yellow bile like an around your neck? When it is a collar.
When is an around your neck like a yellow bile? When it is a choler.
What do you call a by a chorus marine polyp skeleton? A choral coral.
When is a choir like a pen for horses? When it is a corral.
When is a pen for horses like a choir? When it is a chorale.
When is a three tones in harmony like a very light rope? When it is a cord.
When is a very light rope like a three tones in harmony? When it is a chord.
When is a sheet cringle on a sail like a hint? When it is a clue.
When is a hint like a sheet cringle on a sail? When it is a clew.
When is a ticking noise like an exclusive group? When it is a clique.
When is an exclusive group like a ticking noise? When it is a click.
When is a black mineral like a plants in the crucifer family? When it is a cole.
When is a plants in the crucifer family like a black mineral? When it is a coal.
What do you call a rough path of travel? A coarse course.
When is a wear it for warmth like a small animal shed? When it is a cote.
When is a small animal shed like a wear it for warmth? When it is a coat.
When is a more than one male bird like a coxswain? When it is a cox.
When is a coxswain like a more than one male bird? When it is a cocks.
When is a money like a corner stone? When it is a quoin.
When is a corner stone like a money? When it is a coin.
When is a military officer like a seed? When it is a kernel.
When is a seed like a military officer? When it is a colonel.
When is an allotment like an encomium? When it is a compliment.
When is an encomium like an allotment? When it is a complement.
When is a police officers like a small wood? When it is a copse.
When is a small wood like a police officers? When it is a cops.
When is an inner part like a body? When it is a corps.
When is a body like an inner part? When it is a core.
When is a group of leaders like an advisor? When it is a counsel.
When is an advisor like a group of leaders? When it is a council.
When is a manual occupation like a strong paper made from wood pulp? When it is a kraft.
When is a strong paper made from wood pulp like a manual occupation? When it is a craft.
What do you call a merciless embroidery yarn? A cruel crewel.
What do you call an of the present small berry? A current currant.
When is a young swan like an authenticating seal? When it is a signet.
When is an authenticating seal like a young swan? When it is a cygnet.
When is a percussive brass dish like a representation? When it is a symbol.
When is a representation like a percussive brass dish? When it is a cymbal.
What do you call a beloved Bambi? A dear deer.
What do you call a desperate one who dyes? A dire dyer.
What do you call a two things a fight between two over honor? A dual duel.
When is a narrative poem or story like a noteworthy period in history? When it is an epoch.
When is a noteworthy period in history like a narrative poem or story? When it is an epic.
When is a men unable to serve all of humanity like an operating system unable to serve all of humanity? When it is an Unix.
When is an operating system unable to serve all of humanity like a men unable to serve all of humanity? When it is an eunuchs.
When is a female sheep like a type of tree? When it is a yew.
When is a type of tree like a female sheep? When it is an ewe.
When is a small hole for laces like a small island? When it is an islet.
When is a small island like a small hole for laces? When it is an eyelet.
When is an objective things like an obsolete, but widespread, image transmission technology? When it is a fax.
When is an obsolete, but widespread, image transmission technology like an objective things? When it is a facts.
What do you call a pass out a weak, misdirected attack to confuse the enemy? A faint feint.
What do you call an even-handed payment? A fair fare.
When is an imaginary magic person like a river-crossing boat? When it is a ferry.
When is a river-crossing boat like an imaginary magic person? When it is a fairy.
What do you call a fake enemy? A faux foe.
When is an accomplishment like a look down? When it is a feet.
When is a look down like an accomplishment? When it is a feat.
When is a salt containing iron and oxygen like a domesticated polecat? When it is a ferret.
When is a domesticated polecat like a salt containing iron and oxygen? When it is a ferrate.
When is a keep the bad stuff from passing through like a love potion? When it is a philter.
When is a love potion like a keep the bad stuff from passing through? When it is a filter.
When is an evergreen tree like an animal hair? When it is a fur.
When is an animal hair like an evergreen tree? When it is a fir.
When is an one who fishes like a crack? When it is a fissure.
When is a crack like an one who fishes? When it is a fisher.
When is a verve like a to spread? When it is a flare.
When is a to spread like a verve? When it is a flair.
When is a more than one group of birds like a scented plant? When it is a phlox.
When is a scented plant like a more than one group of birds? When it is a flocks.
When is a powdered grain like a bloom? When it is a flower.
When is a bloom like a powdered grain? When it is a flour.
When is a fortification like a person's strong point? When it is a forte.
When is a person's strong point like a fortification? When it is a fort.
What do you call a grossly offensive to the senses domestic hen or rooster? A foul fowl.
When is a monk like a small chicken? When it is a fryer.
When is a small chicken like a monk? When it is a friar.
When is a barbed spear like a mistake? When it is a gaffe.
When is a mistake like a barbed spear? When it is a gaff.
When is a pledge or security deposit like an instrument for measuring? When it is a gauge.
When is an instrument for measuring like a pledge or security deposit? When it is a gage.
When is a manner of walking or running like a fence door? When it is a gate.
When is a fence door like a manner of walking or running? When it is a gait.
When is a horse's fastest gait like a round dance? When it is a galop.
When is a round dance like a horse's fastest gait? When it is a gallop.
When is a chromosome like a cotton twill? When it is a jean.
When is a cotton twill like a chromosome? When it is a gene.
What do you call a gold-plated culpable? A gilt guilt.
When is an alcoholic beverage like a plural of jinni, a Muslim spirit or demon? When it is a jinn.
When is a plural of jinni, a Muslim spirit or demon like an alcoholic beverage? When it is a gin.
What do you call a pleasant coarse-grained metamorphic rock of feldspar, quartz and mica? A nice gneiss.
When is a several antelope like a timely information? When it is a news.
When is a timely information like a several antelope? When it is a gnus.
When is a large ape like an irregular soldier? When it is a guerrilla.
When is an irregular soldier like a large ape? When it is a gorilla.
When is a to sear cook like an iron gate or door? When it is a grille.
When is an iron gate or door like a to sear cook? When it is a grill.
When is an appearance like a Garrison Keillor's obsession? When it is a guys.
When is a Garrison Keillor's obsession like an appearance? When it is a guise.
When is a small, eel-shaped marine fish; butterfish like an upper part of sides of a boat? When it is a gunwale.
When is an upper part of sides of a boat like a small, eel-shaped marine fish; butterfish? When it is a gunnel.
What do you call a robust health frozen rain? A hale hail.
When is a grows from your head like a rabbit? When it is a hare.
When is a rabbit like a grows from your head? When it is a hair.
When is a rope bed like a low, rounded hill? When it is a hummock.
When is a low, rounded hill like a rope bed? When it is a hammock.
When is a garage for airplanes like a from which things hang? When it is a hanger.
When is a from which things hang like a garage for airplanes? When it is a hangar.
When is a stag like a blood pump? When it is a heart.
When is a blood pump like a stag? When it is a hart.
When is a more than one type of hay like an atmospheric obscuration due to water or dust? When it is a haze.
When is an atmospheric obscuration due to water or dust like a more than one type of hay? When it is a hays.
When is a narcotic like a female hero? When it is a heroine.
When is a female hero like a narcotic? When it is a heroin.
What do you call a white frost a prostitute? A hoar whore.
When is a great stash like a great many people? When it is a horde.
When is a great many people like a great stash? When it is a hoard.
What do you call a rough voice equine? A hoarse horse.
When is a more than one garden weeding tool like a tube for watering garden weeds? When it is a hose.
When is a tube for watering garden weeds like a more than one garden weeding tool? When it is a hoes.
What do you call an entirety round opening? A whole hole.
What do you call an unfriendly inexpensive lodging for travelers? A hostile hostel.
What do you call a funny funny bone? A humorous humerus.
When is a state without guilt like a more than one innocent? When it is an innocents.
When is a more than one innocent like a state without guilt? When it is an innocence.
When is a precious stone like an unit of energy measure? When it is a joule.
When is an unit of energy measure like a precious stone? When it is a jewel.
When is a chivalrous man like a darkness? When it is a night.
When is a darkness like a chivalrous man? When it is a knight.
When is a handle like a rich person? When it is a nob.
When is a rich person like a handle? When it is a knob.
When is a fastening in cord like a nothing? When it is a naught.
When is a nothing like a fastening in cord? When it is a knot.
What do you call a loose discipline does not have? A lax lacks.
When is a meadow like a downwind? When it is a lee.
When is a downwind like a meadow? When it is a lea.
When is a tells falsehoods like a stringed instrument? When it is a lyre.
When is a stringed instrument like a tells falsehoods? When it is a liar.
When is an instead like a British toilet? When it is a loo.
When is a British toilet like an instead? When it is a lieu.
When is a removing weight or darkness like a static electricity from the sky? When it is a lightning.
When is a static electricity from the sky like a removing weight or darkness? When it is a lightening.
When is a cargo like a mineral vein? When it is a lode.
When is a mineral vein like a cargo? When it is a load.
What do you call a by itself allow to borrow? A lone loan.
When is a lake like a security device? When it is a lock.
When is a security device like a lake? When it is a loch.
When is a more than one lake like a more than one security device? When it is a locks.
When is a more than one security device like a more than one lake? When it is a lochs.
When is a water fowl like a crescent shape? When it is a lune.
When is a crescent shape like a water fowl? When it is a loon.
When is a circular pattern like a jeweler's monocular magnifier? When it is a loupe.
When is a jeweler's monocular magnifier like a circular pattern? When it is a loop.
When is an ill-gotten gains like a stringed instrument? When it is a lute.
When is a stringed instrument like an ill-gotten gains? When it is a loot.
What do you call an accomplished young woman? A made maid.
What do you call a masculine person postal delivery? A male mail.
What do you call a primary back hair? A main mane.
When is a method like a lord's house? When it is a manor.
When is a lord's house like a method? When it is a manner.
When is a coarse brandy like a sign? When it is a mark.
When is a sign like a coarse brandy? When it is a marc.
When is a rooflike projection over a theatre entrance like a nobleman ranking between a duke and a count? When it is a marquis.
When is a nobleman ranking between a duke and a count like a rooflike projection over a theatre entrance? When it is a marquee.
What do you call a warlike to gather? A martial marshal.
When is a ductile element like a moxie? When it is a mettle.
When is a moxie like a ductile element? When it is a metal.
What do you call a small one who digs? A minor miner.
When is a hymn book like a projectile? When it is a missile.
When is a projectile like a hymn book? When it is a missal.
When is a water around a castle like a speck? When it is a mote.
When is a speck like a water around a castle? When it is a moat.
When is a large elk like a dessert of whipped cream and eggs? When it is a mousse.
When is a dessert of whipped cream and eggs like a large elk? When it is a moose.
What do you call a social imperative a mushroom? A moral morel.
When is an AM like a remembering the dead? When it is a mourning.
When is a remembering the dead like an AM? When it is a morning.
When is a fibrous, contracting tissue like a bivalve mollusc? When it is a mussel.
When is a bivalve mollusc like a fibrous, contracting tissue? When it is a muscle.
When is a more than one muscle like a more than one mussel? When it is a mussels.
When is a more than one mussel like a more than one muscle? When it is a muscles.
What do you call a pertaining to ships and the sea pertaining to the belly button? A naval navel.
When is a votes against like a horse vocalizes? When it is a neighs.
When is a horse vocalizes like a votes against? When it is a nays.
When is a the lowest tide like a turnip? When it is a neep.
When is a turnip like a the lowest tide? When it is a neap.
When is a decree like an artillery? When it is an ordnance.
When is an artillery like a decree? When it is an ordinance.
What do you call a light colored bucket? A pale pail.
When is an it hurts like a single panel of glass? When it is a pane.
When is a single panel of glass like an it hurts? When it is a pain.
When is a taste like a platform for transporting goods; bed? When it is a pallet.
When is a platform for transporting goods; bed like a taste? When it is a palate.
When is a being willing to wait like a being willing to wait? When it is a patients.
When is a being willing to wait like a being willing to wait? When it is a patience.
When is a to hesitate like a cat transportation? When it is a paws.
When is a cat transportation like a to hesitate? When it is a pause.
When is a what hippies want like a what hippies want? When it is a piece.
When is a what hippies want like a what hippies want? When it is a peace.
What do you call a to edge with a chain of small loops round, luminescent gem from an oyster? A purl pearl.
When is a something of value made from an irritant like a something of value made from an irritant? When it is a Perl.
When is a something of value made from an irritant like a something of value made from an irritant? When it is a pearl.
When is a 3.1416 like a good eating? When it is a pie.
When is a good eating like a 3.1416? When it is a pi.
What do you call a physiological type with thick neck, large abdomen and short limbs outdoor meal? A pyknic picnic.
When is a seed-bearing organ of a flower like a hand gun? When it is a pistol.
When is a hand gun like a seed-bearing organ of a flower? When it is a pistil.
When is a location like a flounder? When it is a plaice.
When is a flounder like a location? When it is a place.
What do you call a not fancy a surface? A plain plane.
When is a braid like a dish? When it is a plate.
When is a dish like a braid? When it is a plait.
When is a person from Poland like a big stick? When it is a pole.
When is a big stick like a person from Poland? When it is a Pole.
When is a the dealer's opponent in two-handed card games like a small horse? When it is a pony.
When is a small horse like a the dealer's opponent in two-handed card games? When it is a pone.
What do you call a no money careful study; microscopic hole? A poor pore.
When is a disparaging term for Catholics like a miscellaneous collection? When it is a potpourri.
When is a miscellaneous collection like a disparaging term for Catholics? When it is a popery.
When is a priority like an established course of action? When it is a precedents.
When is an established course of action like a priority? When it is a precedence.
What do you call a head of school causative force? A principal principle.
When is a money earned like a seer? When it is a prophet.
When is a seer like a money earned? When it is a profit.
When is a multiple experts like an ordinary language? When it is a prose.
When is an ordinary language like a multiple experts? When it is a pros.
When is a several fourths-of-gallons like a crystalline rock? When it is a quartz.
When is a crystalline rock like a several fourths-of-gallons? When it is a quarts.
When is a small, round fruit like a multiple quintuplets? When it is a quints.
When is a multiple quintuplets like a small, round fruit? When it is a quince.
When is a groove cut in a board like a small mammal? When it is a rabbit.
When is a small mammal like a groove cut in a board? When it is a rabbet.
When is a shelf like a wreckage? When it is a wrack.
When is a wreckage like a shelf? When it is a rack.
When is a what you are doing now like a small semicylindrical moulding or ornamentation? When it is a reeding.
When is a small semicylindrical moulding or ornamentation like a what you are doing now? When it is a reading.
What do you call an authentic armature for winding? A real reel.
When is a general survey or assessment like a series of theatrical sketches or songs? When it is a revue.
When is a series of theatrical sketches or songs like a general survey or assessment? When it is a review.
When is a watery discharge of mucous like a partitioned space? When it is a room.
When is a partitioned space like a watery discharge of mucous? When it is a rheum.
What do you call a having a watery discharge of mucous colloquialism for "roommate"? A rheumy roomie.
When is a seventeenth letter of Greek alphabet like a fish eggs? When it is a roe.
When is a fish eggs like a seventeenth letter of Greek alphabet? When it is a rho.
When is a constant compass direction like a liquor distilled from sugar cane? When it is a rum.
When is a liquor distilled from sugar cane like a constant compass direction? When it is a rhumb.
When is a verse with regular recurrence of sounds like a frost? When it is a rime.
When is a frost like a verse with regular recurrence of sounds? When it is a rhyme.
When is an one who rigs like a discipline? When it is a rigor.
When is a discipline like an one who rigs? When it is a rigger.
What do you call a correct ritual? A right rite.
What do you call a coarse a cross? A rude rood.
When is a tenant like a gossip? When it is a rumor.
When is a gossip like a tenant? When it is a roomer.
When is a subterranean part of a plant like a path of travel? When it is a route.
When is a path of travel like a subterranean part of a plant? When it is a root.
When is a pretty flower like a linear arrangement? When it is a rows.
When is a linear arrangement like a pretty flower? When it is a rose.
What do you call a coarse pleated collar? A rough ruff.
When is a to force out like a path of travel? When it is a route.
When is a path of travel like a to force out? When it is a rout.
What do you call a twisted grain? A wry rye.
When is a bags like a short for saxophone? When it is a sax.
When is a short for saxophone like a bags? When it is a sacks.
When is a wind powered water travel like a the act of selling? When it is a sale.
When is a the act of selling like a wind powered water travel? When it is a sail.
What do you call a mentally normal fishing net? A sane seine.
When is a rowing motion like a head bone? When it is a skull.
When is a head bone like a rowing motion? When it is a scull.
When is a sailors like a male discharge? When it is a semen.
When is a male discharge like a sailors? When it is a seamen.
When is a religious factions like an if you have to ask, you're too young? When it is a sex.
When is an if you have to ask, you're too young like a religious factions? When it is a sects.
When is a slave like a breaking waves? When it is a surf.
When is a breaking waves like a slave? When it is a serf.
When is a strong twilled fabric like a forceful push? When it is a surge.
When is a forceful push like a strong twilled fabric? When it is a serge.
When is a pulley like a knife? When it is a shiv.
When is a knife like a pulley? When it is a sheave.
When is a displayed board bearing information like a reciprocal of the cosecant? When it is a sine.
When is a reciprocal of the cosecant like a displayed board bearing information? When it is a sign.
What do you call a tribe of native Americans French coin worth five centimes? A Sioux sou.
What do you call a not much cunning skill? A slight sleight.
What do you call a not fast blackthorn berries? A slow sloe.
What do you call a lacking a soul comfort? A soulless solace.
When is an only like an immortal part of a person? When it is a soul.
When is an immortal part of a person like an only? When it is a sole.
When is a male child like a star? When it is a sun.
When is a star like a male child? When it is a son.
What do you call a lit by the sun diminutive for male child? A sunny sonny.
When is a black residue of burning like a clothes? When it is a suit.
When is a clothes like a black residue of burning? When it is a soot.
When is a trail of an animal like a single cell reproductive body? When it is a spore.
When is a single cell reproductive body like a trail of an animal? When it is a spoor.
When is a wooden pole like a slice of meat? When it is a steak.
When is a slice of meat like a wooden pole? When it is a stake.
What do you call a not moving writing paper? A stationary stationery.
When is a measure taken like a level, grassy, unforested plain? When it is a steppe.
When is a level, grassy, unforested plain like a measure taken? When it is a step.
When is a narrow passage like a mode? When it is a style.
When is a mode like a narrow passage? When it is a stile.
What do you call a not crooked narrow waterway? A straight strait.
When is a relief like an one who sucks? When it is a sucker.
When is an one who sucks like a relief? When it is a succor.
What do you call a sugary ensemble? A sweet suite.
When is an ice cream with syrup on it like a first day of the week? When it is a Sunday.
When is a first day of the week like an ice cream with syrup on it? When it is a sundae.
When is a small nails like a governmental tithe? When it is a tax.
When is a governmental tithe like a small nails? When it is a tacks.
When is a spinal appendage like a story? When it is a tale.
When is a story like a spinal appendage? When it is a tail.
When is a wedge-shaped like a hoglike, Malaysian mammal? When it is a tapir.
When is a hoglike, Malaysian mammal like a wedge-shaped? When it is a taper.
When is a herbal infusion like a golfball prop? When it is a tee.
When is a golfball prop like a herbal infusion? When it is a tea.
When is an English slang for a ten pound note like a tendency? When it is a tenor.
When is a tendency like an English slang for a ten pound note? When it is a tenner.
What do you call a nervous more than one temporary shelter? A tense tents.
When is a shorebird like an alloy of lead and tin? When it is a terne.
When is an alloy of lead and tin like a shorebird? When it is a tern.
When is a herb like a natures way of keeping everything from happening at once? When it is a time.
When is a natures way of keeping everything from happening at once like a herb? When it is a thyme.
When is a twitch like a small noise; parasitic bug? When it is a tick.
When is a small noise; parasitic bug like a twitch? When it is a tic.
When is a the sounds of a clock like a more than one twitch? When it is a tics.
When is a more than one twitch like a the sounds of a clock? When it is a ticks.
When is a wood for building like a musical quality? When it is a timbre.
When is a musical quality like a wood for building? When it is a timber.
When is an alarm like a poison? When it is a toxin.
When is a poison like an alarm? When it is a tocsin.
When is a more than one alarm like a more than one poisons? When it is a toxins.
When is a more than one poisons like a more than one alarm? When it is a tocsins.
When is a lacquered metalware like a tax or charge? When it is a toll.
When is a tax or charge like a lacquered metalware? When it is a tole.
When is a 2000 lbs. like a large cask? When it is a Tun.
When is a large cask like a 2000 lbs.? When it is a ton.
When is a cartoon personality like a song? When it is a tune.
When is a song like a cartoon personality? When it is a toon.
When is a sweet cake for lawyers like a sweet cake for kids? When it is a torte.
When is a sweet cake for kids like a sweet cake for lawyers? When it is a tort.
What do you call a difficult a stratified, porous rock? A tough tuff.
When is a platter like a three; Bill Gates' nickname? When it is a trey.
When is a three; Bill Gates' nickname like a platter? When it is a tray.
When is a private soldier like a staunch colleague? When it is a trouper.
When is a staunch colleague like a private soldier? When it is a trooper.
When is a several soldiers like a multiple actors? When it is a troupers.
When is a multiple actors like a several soldiers? When it is a troopers.
What do you call a worthless flat piece moving with the air? A vain vane.
When is a valley like a gauzy fabric? When it is a veil.
When is a gauzy fabric like a valley? When it is a vale.
What do you call a despicable narrow glass container? A vile vial.
When is a bad habit like a bench-mounted clamp? When it is a vise.
When is a bench-mounted clamp like a bad habit? When it is a vice.
When is a cry like a welt; corduroy ridge? When it is a wale.
When is a welt; corduroy ridge like a cry? When it is a wail.
When is an one who is protected by a guarantee like a guarantee? When it is a warranty.
When is a guarantee like an one who is protected by a guarantee? When it is a warrantee.
When is a naval implement of destruction like a revere in a religious manner? When it is a worship.
When is a revere in a religious manner like a naval implement of destruction? When it is a warship.
What do you call a cautious light row boat? A wary wherry.
What do you call a not strong seven days? A weak week.
When is a skin welt like a what we in Silicon Valley continually reinvent? When it is a wheel.
When is a what we in Silicon Valley continually reinvent like a skin welt? When it is a weal.
When is a meteorological conditions like a castrated ram? When it is a wether.
When is a castrated ram like a meteorological conditions? When it is a weather.
When is a supporter of American revolution like a false hairpiece? When it is a wig.
When is a false hairpiece like a supporter of American revolution? When it is a whig.
When is a during like a craft? When it is a wile.
When is a craft like a during? When it is a while.
When is an annoying cry like a fermented grape juice? When it is a wine.
When is a fermented grape juice like an annoying cry? When it is a whine.
When is an insignificant amount like a cleverness; sense of humor? When it is a wit.
When is a cleverness; sense of humor like an insignificant amount? When it is a whit.
What do you call a least best sausage? A worst wurst.
When is an oxen harness like a yellow egg center? When it is a yolk.
When is a yellow egg center like an oxen harness? When it is a yoke.
When is a more than one harness like an omelet? When it is a yolks.
When is an omelet like a more than one harness? When it is a yokes.
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.

3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't.

Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?

Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.

For people who like peace and quiet: a phoneless cord.

I can see clearly now, the brain is gone...

The beatings will continue until morale improves.

I used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead.

Mental Floss prevents Moral Decay.

Madness takes its toll. Please have exact change.

Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.

There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.

I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.

Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?

A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.

I don't have a solution but I admire the problem.

Don't be so open-minded your brains will fall out.

If at first you DO succeed, try not to look astonished!

Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie!'... till you can find a rock.

Diplomacy - the art of letting someone have your way.

If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?

If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.

If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.

Don't look back, they might be gaining on you.

It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.

Help Wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.

Look out for #1. Don't step in #2 either.

Budget: A method for going broke methodically.

Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.

Shin: A device for finding furniture in the dark.

Do witches run spell checkers?

Demons are a Ghouls best Friend.

Copywight 1994 Elmer Fudd. All wights wesewved.

Dain bramaged.

Department of Redundancy Department

Headline: Bear takes over Disneyland in Pooh D'Etat!

What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.

Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted.

COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key

Buy a Pentium 586/90 so you can reboot faster.

2 + 2 = 5 for extremely large values of 2.

Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.

Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.

My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.

The Definition of an Upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.

BREAKFAST.COM Halted...Cereal Port Not Responding

The name is Baud......, James Baud.

Access denied--nah nah na nah nah!

Bad command. Bad, bad command! Sit! Stay! Staaay..

Why doesn't DOS ever say "EXCELLENT command or filename!"

As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.

A mainframe: The biggest PC peripheral available.

An error? Impossible! My modem is error correcting.

Does fuzzy logic tickle?

24 hours in a day...24 beers in a case...coincidence?

Disinformation is not as good as datinformation.

All computers wait at the same speed.

DEFINITION: Computer - A device designed to speed and automate errors.

Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...

E-mail returned to sender -- insufficient voltage.

Help! I'm modeming... and I can't hang up!!!

Programmer - A red-eyed, mumbling mammal capable of conversing with inanimate objects.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't
If at first you don't succeed; call it version 1.0
I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features
Roses are #FF0000 , Violets are #0000FF , All my base belongs to you
In a world without fences and walls, who needs Gates and Windows?
Hand over the calculator, friends don't let friends derive drunk
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...
The box said 'Requires Windows 95 or better'. So I installed LINUX
A penny saved is 1.39 cents earned, if you consider income tax
Unix, DOS and Windows...the good, the bad and the ugly
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history - with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila
The code that is the hardest to debug is the code that you know cannot possibly be wrong
UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity
Ethernet (n): something used to catch the etherbunny
C://dos C://dos.run run.dos.run
You know it's love when you memorize her IP number to skip DNS overhead
JUST SHUT UP AND REBOOT!!
1f u c4n r34d th1s u r34lly n33d t0 g37 l41d
Alcohol & calculus don't mix. Never drink & derive
How do I set a laser printer to stun?
There is only one satisfying way to boot a computer
Concept: On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape button
It's not bogus, it's an IBM standard
Be nice to the nerds, for all you know they might be the next Bill Gates!
The farther south you go, the more dollar stores there are
Beware of programmers that carry screwdrivers
The difference between e-mail and regular mail is that computers handle e-mail, and computers never decide to come to work one day and shoot all the other computers
If you want a language that tries to lock up all the sharp objects and fire-making implements, use Pascal or Ada: the Nerf languages, harmless fun for children of all ages, and they won't mar the furniture
COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning
LISP = Lots of Irritating Silly Parentheses
The beginning of the programmer's wisdom is understanding the difference between getting program to run and having a runnable program
Squash one bug, you'll see ten new bugs popping
Everytime i time i touch my code, i give birth to ten new bugs
boast = blogging is open & amiable sharing of thoughts
We are sorry, but the number you have dialed is imaginary. Please rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again
Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted
If it weren't for C, we'd all be programming in BASI and OBO
Bad command or file name! Go stand in the corner
Bad or corrupt header, go get a haircut
Unrecognized input, get out of the class
Warning! Buffer overflow, close the tumbler !
WinErr 547: LPT1 not found... Use backup... PENCIL & PAPER
Bad or missing mouse driver. Spank the cat? (Y/N)
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes
Best file compression around: "rm *.*" = 100% compression
Hackers in hollywood movies are phenomenal. All they need to do is "c:\> hack into fbi"
BREAKFAST.COM Halted...Cereal Port Not Responding
I survived an NT installation
The name is Baud......James Baud
My new car runs at 56Kbps
Why doesn't DOS ever say "EXCELLENT command or filename!"
File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)
Cannot read data, leech the next boy's paper? (Y/N)
CONGRESS.SYS Corrupted: Re-boot Washington D.C (Y/n)?
Does fuzzy logic tickle?
Helpdesk : Sir, you need to add 10GB space to your HD , Customer : Could you please tell where I can download that?
Windows: Just another pane in the glass
Who's General Failure & why's he reading my disk?
RAM disk is not an installation procedure
Shell to DOS...Come in DOS, do you copy? Shell to DOS...
The truth is out there...anybody got the URL?
Smash forehead on keyboard to continue.....
E-mail returned to sender -- insufficient voltage
Help! I'm modeming... and I can't hang up!!!
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
Once I got this error on my Linux box: Error. Keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue
Once I got this error on my Linux box: Error. Mouse not attached. Please left click the 'OK' button to continue
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...
Press every key to continue
Helpdesk: Sir if you see the blue screen, press any key to continue. Customer : hm.. just a min.. where's that 'any key'..
Idiot, Go ahead, make my data!
Old programmers never die; they just give up their resources
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so
(001) Logical Error CLINTON.SYS: Truth table missing
Clinton:/> READ | PARSE | WRITE | DUMP >> MONKIA.SYS
(D)inner not ready: (A)bort (R)etry (P)izza
Computers can never replace human stupidity
A typical Yahoo! inbox : Inbox(0), Junk(9855210)
(A)bort, (R)etry, (P)anic?
Bugs come in through open Windows
Penguins love cold, they wont survive the sun
Unix is user friendly...its just selective about who its friends are
Artificial intelligence usually beats real stupidity
Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.
To err is human...to really foul up requires the root password.
Invalid password : Please enter the correct password to (Abort / Retry / Ignore )
FUBAR - where Geeks go for a drink
I degaussed my girlfriend and I'm just not attracted to her anymore
Scandisk : Found 2 bad sectors. Please enter a new HD to continue scanning
Black holes are where God divided by zero
Hey! It compiles! Ship it!
Thank god, my baby just compiled
Yes! My code compiled, and my wife just produced the output
Windows 98 supports real multitasking - it can boot and crash simultaneously
Zap! And there was the blue screen !
Please send all spam to my main address, root@localhost :-)
MailerD(a)emon: You just received 9133547 spam. (O)pen all, (R)ead one by one, (C)heck for more spam
A: Can you teach me how to use a computer? B: No. I just fix the machines, I don't use them
PayPal: Your funds have been frozen for 668974 days
1-800-404 : The subscriber you are trying to call does not exist
1-800-403 : Access to that subscriber was denied
Error message: "Out of paper on drive D:"
If I wanted a warm fuzzy feeling, I'd antialias my graphics!
A printer consists of three main parts: the case, the jammed paper tray and the blinking red light
"Mr. Worf, scan that ship." "Aye Captain. 300 dpi?"
Smith & Wesson: The Original Point And Click Interface
Shout onto a newsgroup : It echoes back flames and spam
Firewall : Intruder detected. (A)llow in (D)eactivate the firewall
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language
Warning! Perl script detected! (K)ill it , (D)eactivate it
Firewall : Do you want to place a motion detector on port 80 ?
Helpdesk: Sir, please refill your ink catridges Customer : Where can i download that?
All computers run at the same speed... with the power off
You have successfully logged in, Now press any key to log out
Sorry, the password you tried is already being used by Dorthy, please try something else.
Sorry, that username already exists. (O)verwrite it (C)ancel
Please send all flames, trolls, and complaints to /dev/toilet
Shut up, or i'll flush you out
Cron : Enter cron command \ Now enter the number of minutes in an hour
We are experiencing system trouble -- do not adjust your terminal
You have successfully hacked in, Welcome to the FBI mainframes.
I'm sorry, our software is perfect. The problem must be you
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes hurling down the highway
Webhost livehelp: Sir you ran out of bandwidth, User: Where can I download that?
If Ruby is not and Perl is the answer, you don't understand the question
Having soundcards is nice... having embedded sound in web pages is not
My computer was full, so I deleted everything on the right half
You have received a new mail which is 195537 hours old
Yahoo! Mail: Your email was sent successfully. The email will delivered in 4 days and 8 hours
I'm sorry for the double slash (Tim Berners-Lee in a Panel Discussion, WWW7, Brisbane, 1998)
Ah, young webmaster... java leads to shockwave. Shockwave leads to realaudio. And realaudio leads to suffering
What color do you want that database?
C++ is a write-only language. I can write programs in C++, but I can't read any of them
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code
earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can
A typical yahoo chat room: "A has signed in, A has signed out, B has signed in, B has signed out, C has signed in, C has signed out.."
When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop
Warning! No processor found! Press any key to continue
Failure is not an option. It comes bundled with your Microsoft product
NT is the only OS that has caused me to beat a piece of hardware to death with my bare hands
Warning! Kernel crashed, Run for your lives !
NASA uses Windows? Oh great. If Apollo 13 went off course today the manual would just tell them to open the airlock, flush the astronauts out, and re-install new one
JavaScript: An authorizing language designed to make Netscape crash
How's my programming? Call 1-800-DEV-NULL
Yes, friends and neighbors, boys and girls - my PC speaker crashed NT
root:> Sorry, you entered the wrong password, the correct password is 'a_49qwXk'
New linux package released. Please install on /dev/null
Quake and uptime do not like each other
Unix...best if used before: Tue Jan 19 03:14:08 GMT 2038
As you well know, magic and weapons are prohibited inside the cafeteria -- Final Fantasy VIII
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft...and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labo
Unix is the only virus with a command line interface
Windows 95 makes Unix look like an operating system
How are we supposed to hack your system if it's always down!
God is real, unless declared integer
I'm tempted to buy the slashdot staff a grammar checker. What do they do for 40 hours a week?
Paypal : Please enter your credit card number to continue
It takes a million monkeys at typewriters to write Shakespeare, but only a dozen monkeys at computers to run Network Solutions
Please help - firewall burnt down - lost packet - reward $$$
If Linux were a beer, it would be shipped in open barrels so that anybody could piss in it before delivery
Thank you Mario! But our princess is in another castle
Perl, the only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption
Norton: Incoming virus - (D)ownload and save (R)un after download
I had a dream... and there were 1's and 0's everywhere, and I think I saw a 2!
You sir, are an unknown USB device driver
C isn't that hard: void (*(*f[])())() defines f as an array of unspecified size, of pointers to functions that return pointers to functions that return void